---
layout: post
title: Why Home Sellers Need a Pro in Their Corner
date: 2019-04-12 00:00:00
tags:
  - Real Estate
  - Home Seller Tips
excerpt: >-
  Why should you work with a real estate professional instead of listing your
  home on your own? Today I’ll share a couple stories that demonstrate why.
enclosure:
pullquote: >-
  FSBO sellers think that they can do the same things that real estate experts
  spend years perfecting.
enclosure_type: video/mp4
enclosure_time:
use_youtube_image: false
youtube_alternate_image: /uploads/4-12-fsbo-np.jpg
youtube_code: M63anrbMyhE
---

{% include youtube.html %}

<center><em>Why should you work with a real estate professional instead of listing your home on your own? Today I&rsquo;ll share a couple stories that demonstrate why.</em></center>

&nbsp;

Pricing, condition, and marketing strategies have a lot to do with whether a home sells. However, **FSBO (For Sale By Owner) sellers are the ones who think they can do it all on their own**. Let me ask you this: Have you ever seen anyone do their own dentistry work? Have you ever seen a lawyer practice law without an actual degree?

For instance, I once had a client who came up with the price on her home by taking the estimated values generated by Zillow, Redfin, and Realtor.com and throwing a dart at one of them. I had to laugh when I heard that, but unfortunately, that’s how many sellers in the market try to do it on their own.

Another story on the subject involves a lesser-known company called REX. One of my buyers called me about a listing they’d seen through REX, asking to set up an appointment to go see it. It wasn’t on the MLS, and I couldn’t find the owner’s phone number. Since the listing was on Zillow, I contacted the Zillow agent, who also couldn’t find it anywhere. On REX, the listing must be made through the seller’s own agent in order for them to save the 2%.

{% include pullquote.html %}

I understand the common-sense strategy of trying to save money when you list. **However, you should be trying to work from a perspective of abundance**\: How can you make more money when you actually sell the home?

**Using a true professional to market your home and gather as many potential buyers as possible is the way to do it**.

If you have any questions about selling your home or about real estate in general, don’t hesitate to reach out to me. My job is to help buyers and sellers be successful in real estate.